Support private flakes on FlakeHub (#38)
DeterminateSystems/nix-installer-action: README.md

| `backtrace`              | The setting for [`RUST_BACKTRACE`][backtrace]                                                                                                                                                         | string                                     |                                                      |
| `extra-args`             | Extra arguments to pass to the planner (prefer using structured `with:` arguments unless using a custom [planner]!)                                                                                   | string                                     |                                                      |
| `extra-conf`             | Extra configuration lines for `/etc/nix/nix.conf` (includes `access-tokens` with `secrets.GITHUB_TOKEN` automatically if `github-token` is set)                                                       | string                                     |                                                      |

> | `flakehub`               | Log in to FlakeHub to pull private flakes using this repository's FlakeHub permissions, using the GitHub Actions JWT which is bound to the flakehub audience.                                         | Boolean                                    | `false`                                              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|
| `flakehub`               | Log in to FlakeHub to pull private flakes using the GitHub Actions[JSON Web Token](https://jwt.io) (JWT), which is bound to the `flakehub` audience.
```
